Add WP CLI section to troubleshooting (#208)
Varying-Vagrant-Vagrants/varyingvagrantvagrants.org: docs/en-US/troubleshooting/index.md

Then go back and run `vagrant up --provision` again.

### WP CLI Packages provisioner errors

If the tools provisioner errors out while installing or updating WP CLI packages, this may be related to a package problem within WP CLI.

> You may use `vagrant ssh` and `wp package` to address the problem based on the error logs produced by the provisioner.

Reviewer: Just specify what is the right folder (the root folder) to avoid confusions.

Author: https://github.com/Varying-Vagrant-Vagrants/varyingvagrantvagrants.org/pull/208/commits/22bfd003c1f1779521a3b0717da689cda04c05ab this ok?

> This may happen with older VVV versions that used `wp-cli/doctor-command` for example. If that's the case, then running `wp package uninstall wp-cli/doctor-command` should solve the issue and allow provisioning to complete.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, older versions of VVV installed the `wp-cli/doctor-command` package, but this was removed because it was unreliable and caused issues. If it's causing you issues, you can run `vagrant ssh` to enter the virtual machine, then `wp package uninstall wp-cli/doctor-command` to remove the package and fix the problem.
```
